Well, well.... Where do I start with this place? First time experience, went in with my partner.

Walking in at about 7:30 on a Friday night (st paddys day weekend even)  and the  place had about 4 customers. That should have been my first clue as to what our experience was going to be like.

We seated ourselves and the waitress, an older gal maybe mid to late 40's who had greasy stringy unwashed hair and rotting teeth came up and took our drink order. My girlfriend got a Dr. Pepper and I got a water. She brought out Coke instead of DP. No biggie. We let it go, assuming it was an honest mistake. After about 10 minutes she returns and we order a 12 piece "jumbo" wing basket ($11.99), a 6 piece($7.99), and a beer batter sampler($11.99). 20 minutes pass and finally here comes our appetizer. The waitress throws the basket of appetizers on the table  and says "here's your food." Very flat with a big attitude and walks off. The beer battered mushrooms were doughy and undercooked. We had a single half full ranch cup to share between us for the big platter and she avoided our table when she saw we needed more.
***let me note that this waitress is giving the customers at the 3 tables surrounding us WAY better customer service. Even brought their food out in a timely manner with no attitude whatsoever.
I decide to let the mushrooms slide for the moment. I used to work in a restaurant and I understand that mistakes happen, however this far into the experience I'm being mighty generous since it's a first time experience.
We finish our appetizer and we wait and wait and wait and finally she comes by and takes the platter returning 10 minutes later with our wings. She makes no inquiry about the broken open, clearly undercooked, mushrooms still sitting on the platter.
I got the 12 piece with a single half full ranch. Again. Food on the table, doesn't ask if we need anything else which is something she is doing for other customers. at this point we have been here for about 40 minutes.

I got half regular and half thai flavor. The wings were NOT jumbo. They were puny. The flavor was good for the thai, and the waitress even stopped by to check up on us, though I wouldn't consider walking by quickly and saying in your flat attitude tone "youguysdoingalright?okaycool." Really all that helpful since she came and went so fast it took me a second to understand her. I had to reiterate for my girlfriend.  When I started on the regular I bit into my drumstick and had to fish a feather out of my mouth. DISGUSTING. It was that point that the entire experience was completely and thoroughly unacceptable.  The wings were soggy because they batter them or something on top of all that.  At first I had no plans other than to pay for the meal and leave the waitress 2 pennies and be on my merry way. But when the waitress came and asked if we needed a box I said no with 6 wings still on my plate, OBVIOUS SOMETHING WAS WRONG, again. She was going to take my stuff and make no inquiry to right the situation. I asked for the manager. Took a minute but finally the manager came over (mind you it is still pretty dead, what are these people doing I wonder?) I explained the food issues but blew off bringing up our treatment by the waitress. Normally I give the benefit of the doubt on this one but it was blatantly obvious that we were being treated differently with a different attitude than other patrons because we are a same-sex couple. Like our table had a contagious disease that prevented us from getting food in a timely manner, and getting drink and condiment refills too, regardless of the *empty* cups on the edge of the table. It wasn't like we were off in the distance. She had to walk by our table every time to communicate with the surrounding tables.

Anyways. The manager experience wasn't the greatest, but I wasn't going to pay for that meal after the feather thing, and she comped everything. BUT only after slightly arguing with us about the undercooked mushrooms, which by the way come frozen which  makes the fact that they weren't cooked all the way acceptable I guess? Don't know. Don't care. I WILL NOT BE GOING BACK!!!

2 stars because they did comp the meal, the waitress got lucky. If I would have had to pay for anything she wouldn't have gotten a tip due to the attitude but we left her $4 anyway since we didn't have to pay for the meal.  THAT IS THE ONLY REASON.
1 star though for the overall experience. Same-sex couples, steer clear. You aren't welcome there and it's obvious.
--------------------
Unfortunately, I'm NOT happy after coming to this salon yet again. I got a message from the owner saying he'd like to have me come in to receive a FREE service because they previously ruined my hair. So, I thought since he's the owner my hair would turn out good but I was wrong. I'm really unhappy with this whole experience. I showed him multiple photos on google of what I wanted done to my hair which was a lot of blonde. I told him I do not want any ORANGE in my hair as I wanted a "white blonde". He said you won't have any orange in your hair. I have a message from him the OWNER saying I would receive a FREE service if I deleted my previous review. He should of NEVER offered a free service if it wasn't really free! So, I said how much because I thought I was getting my hair done for free. He said since your hair is long and thick you'll have to pay for the hair color and "medicine" but he won't charge me for his time. I said ok how much he said $80. He said it would cost me $180 if he didn't give me a discount which is very pricey. He put a lot of highlights on my hair and worked quickly as he seemed to want to rush on my hair which I do not like. My hair is important to me, I don't want my hair to fall out. He said this medicine he's gonna put on my hair is $50 for a treatment and that I needed it because of the blonde going on my hair which I know any coloring is damaging and blonde is very damaging but he said he charges everyone who gets hair color for this so called medicine which they mix into the color you dye your hair. You can purchase the entire set online (3 bottles) for $75 which is supposed to give you like 15 applications so he's definitely charging a lot of money! He only put No.1 on my hair and not No.2 or No.3. He also had a lady (the receptionist) wash out my hair? Ok, even though she was nice why would he have her do that when she said she knows nothing about hair because I asked if she's styling my hair and she said she doesn't do hair and I wouldn't want her to do my hair. As I was waiting there was a lady next to me, she got her hair cut and a perm. She was done but she wasn't happy, she told the lady she didn't like the hair cut and she had her style it more and trim off a little more but the lady still wasn't happy. The girl told the client when she washes her hair it will be better.. um how? I know she left very unhappy! Also the lady behind me was getting her hair cut and when he (the owner) was done cutting her hair she looked in the mirror and wanted it different and styled different so that made me have to wait longer but 2 clients were not happy and also myself. That's not a good look TJ nail and spa! I had a towel on my head and waited about 30 mins just to get my hair blow dried because he was cutting another clients hair. I seen orange roots, I was mad!!! He finally came over and I said I don't like the orange color on my roots, can you put a toner on my hair and he said it's not orange it's the lighting. The lighting?! It wasn't the lighting! He proceeds to blow dry hair and then starts straighten it without asking me if I wanted it straightened or curled, you are supposed to pick how you want your hair styled. At that point I knew my hair wasn't what I wanted and it wasn't gonna be fixed even if I wanted it too. I just sat there in the hair, mad and yet again very disappointed! I looked in the mirror and seen my hair damaged and brittle, orange and brassy and not even close to what I wanted. There goes my money down the drain, yet again. I will not be back to get my hair ruined and he made me delete my previous review which was also 0-1 stars before I left his salon but I had to write this one, this is real, this is honest, beware of getting your hair completely ruined and nothing close to what you want! Like I said I showed the OWNER multiple photos and I stated I did NOT want any orange on my hair but I did have orange on my hair, I didn't get what I wanted like he said, he said he doesn't mess up, he's been doing hair for years. As a salon owner I think he should take the time to really do what the client wants and achieve what the client wants done to their hair, if the workersowner would do that then there shouldn't be any bad reviews but there is so that shows you they do not care, not even the owner cares. They just want to rush and get done to get paid, they don't care if the customer is happy or not. There are more bad reviews from people going to this salon and having horrible experiences but he is bribing people to delete their bad reviews because he told me the bad reviews is hurting his business which is why people do reviews, to let people know this place is awesome or this place is horrible, beware, stay away. I do reviews to let people know the good, the bad and the ugly. I do reviews anywhere and I'm always 100% honest. So, if bad reviews hurt his business that is all on him and his employees not me or anyone else.
--------------------
