I find it hard to believe there are so many people with such low standards when it comes to the Daily Bread.

It is a ripoff of St. Louis Bread Co/Panera Bread, which in of itself I don't mind at all.  I have eaten multiple times at the Daily Bread and have yet to have an enjoyable experience.  The food is so-so at best.  Their sandwiches are basic and lack any real flavor.  I also tried the BBQ Chicken pizza and it was okay.  

I certainly wouldn't steer anyone away from this place based on the food.  The food is basic and simple, not bad but also nothing great.

My biggest qualm with the Daily Bread is the service.  The majority of the workers seem utterly uninterested in helping out.  There was a line of about 6 people and one person at the register.  There was no sense of urgency to help any of the customers in line.  We waited for a good 5-6 minutes to put an order in.  After receiving our cups to get our drinks we looked for a clean place to sit and eventually settled on a table top that was the least dirty of the tables available.  There were plenty of open spots but it just appeared as though there was lots of trash left behind.  Does anyone bus these tables?

I anticipate that people are responsible for cleaning up after themselves, but it appeared as though the tables hadn't been effectively cleaned in a while.  There was also some trash on the floor that hadn't been addressed as well.

The order number was called and the order was only halfway completed.  When we asked which sandwich was ours, we were basically ignored as the girl put up two more orders.   After another few minutes the rest of the order came up and we began to eat.  I tried both items and as I stated before, both were okay.  The problem is that the food was just unable to make up for the lack of organization, the slow speed at which we were served, or the cleanliness of the restaurant.

After 3 attempts, I'm writing the Daily Bread off and won't return.  I'd rather go to St. Louis Bread Co, get the same level of food, but in a clean environment and a timely setting.
--------------------
The gym part of City Fitness is better than most, good equipment, clean, variety, it's a nice gym. I find the rates reasonable and have been a member since they opened and will continue to be a member. So, for the rating I give the gym at CF a 3.5 star, I give MBSC a 1.5 star for an overall 2.5 star rating.

MBSC review: I thought I would kick it up a notch so joined the MBSC thrive program at CF on South Street and tried it for three months. Trainers really aren't "personal" trainers. They have a set program that they put people through and you have very little to say about what you like/don't like. The trainers work with several people in a session so depending on how many people are in a session you could be waiting for the trainer to get back to you or waiting for the person in front of you to finish. One of the things that frustrated me is they want you to push through the routine they have come up for you in the hour's time. The sessions are hard with ropes, sleds, balls, bands, cables, weights and the most uncomfortable stationary bike I've ever had to sit on (and they make you end every session on the thing). No two sessions are alike - so if you like variety then great, if you like consistency or at least enough repetition to get the moves and form down then not so great. I seldom found a session to be fun or enjoyable, rather I often felt like I was a contestant on the Biggest Loser. They also play hip-hop all day long and you either like it or you don't. The environment and training is designed (in my opinion) to appeal to 20-30yo demographic.

If you really want to push yourself beyond your limits and don't care how you get there then you might really enjoy the MBSC program. If you want a professional personal trainer to spend quality time with you in achieving your goals and if you want a training program that you actually learn what muscle groups you are working and not just to be pushed through a routine then you probably won't like MBSC. Definitely do a introductory program because the usual 30 day notice from the contract date applies if you cancel and it's $200+/mo program.
--------------------
I love trying fresh seafood on piers, wharfs and seaside markets. Most of the time, it is a disappointing experience but this place is not. The food is legitimately fresh and prepared well. The gorgeous view is just a cherry on top of nature's beautiful sundae. I have been here before but ordered the "wrong" thing (cioppino). That wasn't very good when I had it a couple of years ago here. 

We came for a late lunch/early dinner on a Monday. Even at 4pm,  there was a wait! We waited about 25 minutes and got a table outdoor. While it wasn't ideal that we sat right in the sun with no shelter other than our sunscreen and sunglasses, the view was worth it. 

We got the local crab special which was a steamed 3-lb. crab served with a salad and soup for $26. I thought this was quite the steal because the crab was huge, delicious and meaty. The garden salad was fresh as simple as it was. The lobster bisque we got was pretty good. (The other options were Caesar salad and clam chowder). They topped off the crab with a couple of onion rings and cups of cocktail sauce and drawn butter. Yum!

We also got the fried platter of shrimp, oysters, calamari and scallops for $12.95. It came with cole slaw, onion rings, tartar sauce and cocktail sauce. As greasy of a meal as this made, it was one of the better fried platters I've had anywhere. The seafood was just really fresh including the sometimes-feared fried oyster. :)

The ice in our iced teas melted away in the sun. Our waitress was so cool and brought us lots of extra ice and an extra iced tea in case we needed it (we did because it was hot out!). She was just friendly and good at her job - five stars for her!

By the time we left at about 6, there were so many people waiting. Make sure you sign up for a seat on the clipboard right when you get there. The restaurant is the last one at the very end of the pier. Parking on the pier is free for 90 minutes but it looks like a drive that will upset tires. I parked in the large lot south of the pier and walked 15 minutes up and onto the pier. It was free on a Monday late afternoon.
--------------------
First impression:

Home Wine Kitchen's "No Menu Monday" is a must-try for anyone interested in the St. Louis fine dining scene or good food more generally.  We came prepared with reservations, but the restaurant actually began quieting out while our delicious meal was ramping up; the tables offer more elbow room than the photographs online belie.  As the name of the evening suggests, no menu is in play here; you'll let your friendly server know if you have any food allergies or particular preferences, and before long watch your customized meal unfold.  That's a three-course meal, $30, plus $12 for three half-glass wine pairings.

As starters, we were served lamb meatballs -- likely the favorite of the night -- and goat cheese-stuffed poblano peppers.  The peppers had a good bit of spice offset by the chalkiness of the goat cheese, making an excellent pairing for my Soave (white wine).  The mains were a corvina fish delicately cooked in wax paper and a swordfish steak served over asparagus with homegrown tomatoes and "love sauce."  The corvina came out on the rarer side, perhaps a little too complex for this Midwesterner's palate, but the hearty swordfish was some of the best seafood I've tasted in Missouri.  Dessert comprised a champagne gelatin and a chocolate tart, both of which were topped by fluffy homemade whipped cream and quickly eaten.

The staff at Home Wine Kitchen made our visit pleasant, acting casual yet professional during our meal.  The restaurant patrons seemed to be largely industry types that oohed and aahed about the cuisine (perhaps a trifle self-importantly, but this Yelper is no saint himself).  I was surprised to note that other diners were served the same courses as we were (albeit in different configurations), when I was under the assumption there would be a little more variation; however, I can only imagine the challenge such an endeavor would pose to the talented kitchen.  The interior, lighting, and volume here were all very good.

By the end of the evening, we realized that putting yourself in the hands of the chef is not for the faint of heart, as evidenced by one conversation near us during the meal that all but stopped when a beautiful whole fish was served to the table.  Leaving the restaurant, I was glad that I had tried No Menu Monday, but did wonder what the meal would have been like had I ordered off the menu.  I guess that calls for a return visit, don't you?
--------------------
This review is LONG overdue!  I visited Stitch-It in June 2013

In brief: Stitch it did an EXCELLENT job on my dress and I was extremely pleased.  I needed it done in a rush and they were able to accommodate me.  Given the tight turnaround, and the work that needed to be done, I didn't mind paying a premium.  The service and results far exceeded my expectations.

Complete Experience: I was attending a convention in Nashville, TN and had ordered an evening gown online a week before (admitted procrastinator tendencies).  The gown was a navy blue Tadashi Shoji evening gown with sequins and an intricately designed lace and sheer layered bodice. The gown was a tad bit too long and there was a bulge in the back. The dress arrived a few days before I was scheduled to fly out to Nashville and I knew I wouldn't have time to get it tailored before leaving.  I found a few Nashville area tailor shops on Yelp, read the reviews and decided I might try Stitch-It.  I also saw a few cleaners that advertised they performed tailoring services, but they (quite frankly) didn't give me the warm and fuzzies.  

Stitch-It was about a 30 minute drive from the Gaylord Hotel where I was staying, so before taking a taxi that far, I decided to check with the hotel to see if they had an in-house tailor.  When I took the dress to the Gaylord tailor/seamstress (who was the nicest lady ever), she looked at the gown and said "I can hem the bottom....I'd have to do it by hand.  The top part though....I won't touch that with a 10ft. pole!"  I laughed, but appreciated her honesty in not being able to handle the work that I needed done.  

I contacted Stitch-It and sent pictures of the dress via text message to a nice young man who's name I can't remember (I think it was Cameron...I could be wrong).  They assured me that they should be able to accommodate me, so I hopped a cab and visited Stitch-It.  When I arrived I was greeted by courteous and professional staff.  I was shown to the dressing room and changed into my gown.  My personal tailor was Maggie O'Neill and she was AWESOME!  After the fitting and pinning, I left the gown and picked it up in two days.  It fit perfectly and was well worth the fee.  If I lived in Nashville, I would DEFINITELY use Stitch-It on a regular basis.
--------------------
I've been driving by this location for several weeks anticipating their opening.  With the established Legends Sports Bar directly across the street I thought this place must have something very special to feel they can compete.

They took over the building that was prevriously used by the Ruby River Steakhouse.  The owners apparently opted not to change a thing about the indoor seating.  Gone are all the cowboy boots, up are various team jerseys. It looks like somebody went to Pro Image at the mall to decorate the place.  Nothing appears to be autographed or evoke a sense of authenticity.

Video games are available for the kids, so bring your quarters.  No dart boards, shuffleboard, air hockey or pool tables.  This is pretty much a dine and drink only establishment.

More TV's in the place than I could count (I figure at least 20), all tuned to ESPN or ESPN2.  No clue at this time if they are choosing to use Direct TV, Dish, or Cable One for their service.  However, they already have made one of the biggest mistakes I think most wannabe sports bars make; they broadcast music rather than sound from a live sporting event.  With live sporting events available almost everyday from 12pm - 12am, you would think they would want to try to emphasize that rather than muzak (tuned to a country station; still feels like the Ruby River).

A word of advice here, if you want people to stay and eat and drink, you gotta give them something on which to focus their attention.  The sounds of the game will get their attention.  They came to a sports bar to think about sports, not Conway Twitty.

Typically, when I see the word pub in a restaurant name, I think it is just beer and wine, but it looks like Timeout has a full bar with several specialty drinks.  With a designated driver, it may be fun to experiment.

The food is typical sports bar fare; salads, burgers, pasta.  Most items will cost $9 - $11, with entrees running more.  A few twists on their offerings will ensure that I stop in to try something different, but unless the atmosphere improves, I think I will always leave a little disappointed. 

Those staying at the nearby motel may like the proximity, but I think they might find the walk across the street to Legends worth the extra steps.

Happy Hour 2pm - 6pm Monday -  Friday; Late Happy Hour 10pm - close Monday - Thursday.  Happy Hour all day Sunday.
--------------------
We used The Hollander Hotel for our wedding hotel and it was an absolutely incredible experience.  I will never get tired of raving about our experience.  We were honored to use the Hollander not only for our room block and wedding night suite, but we also used the Tap Room as our after-party location and we hosted a brunch for our guests on the beautiful patio on Sunday morning after the wedding.  Everything was perfection and if we could do it all over again, we wouldn't change a thing!

The hotel property is absolutely charming.  The décor in the lobby is beautiful, eclectic, and very welcoming.  The Tap Room is a great place for people to gather with intimate booths and large tables for bigger parties.  The Bar has an amazing selection of local and craft beers and the servers and bartenders are all professional and fast! We were able to use the Lobby and Tap Room for some of our wedding photographs too, and they all look wonderful!

The rooms are very pleasant and quaint and our guests all complimented on how clean and cozy they were.  The prices were also wonderful and our guests were able to enjoy downtown St. Pete because of the great location.  The shuttle is also very convenient and a great experience for guests!

The brunch was perfect.  Not only was the price great for an all-you-can-enjoy feast, but the food is delicious and homemade.  The wonderful gentleman who makes the omelets is friendly, fast, and takes great pride in his work.  He is also a talented baker and I couldn't get enough of the chocolate muffins he made!  The service at the new coffee/dessert café was wonderful!  The Patio was a great place to visit with our guests and enjoy the beautiful St. Pete weather. We look forward to many more brunches there in the future! 

Finally, the best part of all is the management and team at the Hollander.  Nick and Will treated us like their own family.  They went above and beyond to ensure that each of our guests felt like they were at home and comfortable.  Zach at the front desk was so friendly and patient with me as I called checking on our room block.  The entire team was just a delight and so very accommodating.  They take great pride in ensuring that every guest has a wonderful experience.  We just adore everyone there!  I absolutely loved working with them and would recommend this beautiful hotel to anyone!
--------------------
The only reason I didn't give this restaurant a 5 star rating, is because of one single pretentious waiter. As a 4 night guest at Hotel Palomar, the location of the restaurant is an obvious plus. The first night of my stay, I met a coworker in the restaurant for a cocktail. When we arrived, the host staff were busy and not available, so we just walked in. The restaurant was not too busy, so we just looked at a small table next to the bar and proceeded to take a seat. A waiter came by and I quickly asked if we could have a seat, before sitting down and told him we'd only be having cocktails. He stumbled on his reply, and in an irritated/in-convinced tone, told me "I guess it would be fine" and basically just kept walking mid sentence. My guest and I brushed it off, and started having a conversation while looking at the drink menu. To make a long story short, he was distant and we both got the "couldn't be bothered" vibe from him. When it came to the bill, we asked if it could be split due to company transaction policies, and you would have thought asked him for some inconceivable task. We basically spent the rest of our night and elevator ride to our room in shock of the rudeness we had just experienced. 

Although that situation left a bad taste in our mouth, and the night before we decided to avoid the restaurant, we decided to grab another cocktail and give this place one more try. After looking around and ensuring "last nights waiter" wasn't on shift, we walked over to the bar and started looking over the menu. Instantly, the bartender greeted us with pleasant small talk and made us feel 100% welcome. He asked about our day, recommended cocktails and was a completely genuine person. This guy (I think his name was Ben) is an absolute star! He gave us lessons on Whiskey, described how to make classic cocktails, and was 100% invested in our experience. This is exactly what a bartender at a 4/5 star establishment should be - actually he exceeds that. He was kind, funny, friendly and completely redeemed this restaurant/bar from our terrible experience the night before. 
I also ordered room service last night from this restaurant, and it was amazing. The bacon wrapped dates and chocolate cake are to die for! Great restaurant and amazing bartender(s). Too bad one bad egg could have spoiled this experience.
--------------------
Don't judge a book by it's cover.  Looked like a any similar bar food type chain like Friday's, Bennigan's, or Ruby Tuesdays... JB Dawson's is far better.
Awesome experience from the second we stepped in, hostess greeted us with a smile and time to table waiting expectation.  We were promptly seated, and tended to right away with a smile and good attitude by a server, Nancy, who helped us with a beverage and app order.  

For our app we shared the twisted shrimp as it was Twisted Tuesday.  Nancy told us this dish far surpassed Bone Fish's Bang Bang Shrimp, to our surprise, it clearly did.  Our beverage and app shortly followed. 

Shortly there after another server stopped by, Kyle, who was our designated server.  Boy, smile, great greeting, great attitude, engaging.  We talked a bit, figured our way through the menu and placed our order.

For our dishes, my wife selected the Four Cheese Mac & Cheese side -- Sharp Cheddar, Pepperjack, Mozzarella & Reggiano dusted with bread crumbs with cornbread as she had large lunch.  Very good.  Unexpected, light, not overly creamy, not burnt, just right.  And the corn bread with maple butter..... ahhhhhh that was really nice.

 I ordered the fish tacos-- 3 Flour tortillas, seasoned tilapia, chimichurri sauce, mango cilantro salsa & a lime cream drizzle.  Passed on starch sides and had their asparagus that was cooked to perfection.  To my surprise the they were filling, nice size portion (see photo)  not a two bite app.  Very moist and super fresh fish.

Great first experience all around expect one key aspect.  Their so called craft beer menu was really limited and did not contain a variety of types; focused more on IPAs.  Limited thinking for the bar manager I must say.  Kyle our waiter also bar-tends.  We got to talking and he offered with no questions to swap out my beer for another option --- Stoudts Scarlet, which is a reddish beer.  For my beer palette it was better then the others limited options had a nice taste at the swallow then waned off.   Kyle informed us that they buy for all 4 restaurants and try to find a middling that works across the 4 guest demographics.  Not a great decision honestly.  There are so many great craft brewers in the Bucks County region and even Bristol area that should be showed cased and tested through.  For me a bad or poor beer selection stunts the overall experience.

We'll be back but I may need to sneak in my own beer selections from my craft collection.
--------------------
The plan was to find a one-of-a-kind engagement ring. I had no prior history or knowledge of jewelry, especially not engagement rings. Foolishly I visited a handful of those cookie cutter mall shops. Boring. Pricey. Nothing special. Blah.

A co-worker told me about Gemological Resources Inc (GRI) and the wonderful experience he and his now wife had with them. Since it was a local shop I gave them a shot not knowing what to expect. Wow.... What a great experience! 

From the moment we (my girlfriend and I) walked into GRI, it felt right. We met with Terry initially to get a feel for GRI's work, as well as to discuss ring options.Terry is an encyclopedia of knowledge; it was a true lesson on everything we needed to know about diamonds, rings, etc. Very much worth taking the time to meet with him. He not only shared much of his knowledge, but also listened and got a good feel for what my girlfriend liked. The initial meet was a success and I felt confident that GRI would be the right place to go once I was ready to make the decisive move solo.

When the time came I met up with GRI again, this time with Nirali who works closely with Terry. Because I wanted a unique, special, one-of-a-kind engagement ring I decided on a custom design ring. The CAD images and designs were perfect! To top it off, Nirali found me a high quality and very well priced diamond; this after I spent weeks personally searching for the right diamond. I was sold!! 

A reasonable deposit and a couple of weeks later the ring was finally in. Wow oh wow!! It was perfect! 100X better than anything I've seen before. GRI knocked it out of the park! Seriously! Fast forward a few months later.... My wife loves her ring and goes goo goo over it everyday. We had our bands done by GRI as well and they too are perfect (the wife's band was also custom designed to match the engagement ring).

All in all it was a GREAT outcome. We are both so very pleased and happy about our experience with GRI. Beyond our expectations. Never have I had such a relaxing and pleasant experience. I truly mean it. It always felt like I was meeting with friends and not just a standard business transaction. 

So do yourself a favor... If you're reading this it's because you're thinking about buying jewelry. Save yourself the hassle. GO DIRECTLY TO GRI. I highly recommend them.
--------------------
I don't know this for sure, but my first impression of this place is that it is run by unscrupulous people. Come along with me, as I journey back in time -- all the way back to Wednesday...

I step foot in this 7 Eleven, and the first thing I think is: this is one of the nicest looking 7 Elevens I've ever seen. It is very clean, bright, and spacious. Very nice looking selection of prepared meals. There were many that actually looked like they'd be quite good. But I wasn't hungry this day. No. All I needed were a few items. 

First, some good old TP. And let me be perfectly clear (as clear as Barack Obama): I DON'T buy the cheapest toilet paper because I'm cheap. I buy it because I like the way the cheap stuff feels. The more like sandpaper, the better. I like to feel like its working. I don't need to or even want to feel like an angel is up there. Or some perverted freak named Scott. 

In any case, I got myself 4 rolls. And then I just needed one more thing - some plastic cups for a little party I'm having this weekend. 

I go ahead and drop my stash on the counter, begin to extract several singles from my wallet, when the cashier looks at me and says, "24.99."

I respond, "That's not right."

He points at a price tag on the plastic cups which reads 19.99. I begin laughing. I tell him the price is clearly wrong. He tells me he's got to talk to his manager. Meanwhile, I tell the folks behind me waiting in line that I'm just going to go run and get different plastic cups to hurry the process along. Before he got back from doing his price check, I already had another cashier ringing up my two sleeves of cups for 1.99 each. That's more like it.

At around that same moment, the first cashier comes back from his consultation with his manager. He tells me that the price was, in fact, incorrect. And that the price is actually 14.99.

THAT'S the unscrupulous part.

CLEARLY, THAT price is also far too high. His manager did no actual price check at all. He simply told the cashier to pretend that the real price was actually 5 dollars less, thinking that I'd be stupid enough to accept this. Why, because I'm white, and you're a racially superior Indian? You think white people are stupid don't you? We'll just believe what you tell us, and fork over our money.
--------------------
I moved from Chicago to Philadelphia over a year ago.  Everybody here raves about the restaurants, but I have yet to find many that deserve five stars, or even four.  This is the best restaurant I have eaten in in Philadelphia.  

Tahini and bread  arrived at the table, and I thought, hum, plain but I'm hungry.  They must put crack in that Tahini.  I wanted to lap it out of the bowl like an uncouth dog.  The bread is excellent too.

I love a menu with many organic meat choices.  How often can you order an organic beef shishkabob?  It was superb.  The meat done perfectly, the onions nearly caramelized but not quite so they still had some substantive crunch.  The purslane salad tasted like I was eating a plant in the middle of a garden.  It is not often that I dream about a salad but I do dream about this one

My husband had a chicken dish with black eyed peas and green peas and fantastic rice.  I won't begin to describe the flavoring; it is beyond my culinary vocabulary.  We asked what spices they use, and in addition to traditional zatar, they use their own blend of spices.  I don't even need to know what is in it just so long as we can keep coming back and ordering it again and again.

I was so full but ate dessert none the less, which I usually don't do.  But when a diner is this good, I had a feeling the desserts would be too and I just needed to find out.  Pistachio creme brulee.  It could have come out over the top, but no indeed.  It was pure pistachio heaven in s super light yet rich custard.  Heaven. Heaven.

Our service was superb.  The squeezed us into a last minute Friday night reservation with the caveat that we would need to get through our dinner in an hour and 15 minutes in order to accommodate a reservation made prior to us.  Given the time constraints they never made us feel rushed and timed the meal perfectly.  Then my husband left to go to the restroom, the waiter picked up his napkin and refolded it nicely on the table.  Do I care about the napkin placement in the middle of a meal?  Not really, but it is a sign that the waitstaff is incredibly attentive and extremely well trained.  

My eating out plan for Philly might just be to skip eating most everywhere most of the time so I can frequent this expensive, though appropriately priced restaurant.  Kudos to the chef.
--------------------
Awefull!!!! 
If I could give zero or negative stars I would!
I've never wrote a review before, but I am going out of my way to say that I had the absolute worst dining experience at the Sake House!! 
And esp families, stay clear! 
So first off, I decided to take my 15 month old son out on a sushi date. We arrive at the Sake House at 4pm. There is only one other table and they were closing out. We sit down, and I immediately ask for a simple ice water with lemon. Waiter comes back 20 minutes later (no water). I order a simple roll for my son, to get him started  and a cold Sake. I said I will wait to order mine to get him settled. Another 30 min later, still no water, no food. Waiter comes back with hot Sake, instead of cold. 20 minutes later, the roll for my son (not how I asked) finally some cold Sake, then I have to request water, and then only one cup for my son, no lemon. When I see 2 going on a third table had come in and ordered, and a "to go" order is being placed, all with food and water, I became perturbed. The waiter never came back to see what I wanted. Never came back to check on the order. Finally after  nearly 2 hours of waiting and trying to deal with my antsy son, who waited so long to be served, and seeing one chef trying to make everyone's order I decided it was time to go. Finally after waiting another 5/10 minutes I had to walk up and ask for my check , which was only a $6 drink. Which I reluctantly paid. After being in the hospitality industry for years, I know what to expect, and I know what to forgive. I also know that English being a second language must be tough...BUT since he was able to wait in other tables i know that wasn't the issue. After 2 hours of waiting, and dealing with a fussy/hungry toddler as a single mother I feel like the least they could have done is offer a free drink, to say "we understand we couldn't accommodate you, but we tried." It's principal above all else. ...I just waisted 2 hours! And had to leave and take my baby somewhere else. Time is money! And I waisted 2 hours here! 
Time that is rare and I had to plan being a busy mother.
I should have listened to the other reviews about the shitty service here. 
Don't waste your time or money!!!
Stay away! Any other place is better than here!
--------------------
Wow what a terrible spa. I can only speak for the manicure/pedicure aspect because I did not get a massage. Typically, you go to a spa to escape and relax - you can not do that here. It is small, dirty, and the staff is terrible. 

I walked in and the receptionist was on the phone - he did acknowledge that I was standing there, but several staff walked by and did not offer to assist. Finally, after two other guests came in behind me, someone came up and took me back - just to get me out of the way. Asked what my name was and left. Did not offer me water/refreshments of any kind. I've had better reception at the local nail salon. Then I had to wait for 10-15 minutes for my technician to finish up her current client, which I didn't mind because I leisurely picked out my color. When it was my turn, the nail technician was shaky and rushed. She cut my cuticle and I bled. She was sick and kept blowing her nose into her shirt (gross!!) and took time outs to really blow/dig in her nose with a tissue right in front of me! Lady, you are touching my hands with yours, you are blowing bacteria into the air, if you are that sick don't come to work - *Management, if your employee is that sick do not make them come in! You will lose clients. 

She gave me the worst hand/arm massage I have ever had (that is usually everyone's favorite part, and the technician's opportunity to shine!). No pressure was applied, and she just basically rubbed lotion into my skin and made a snarky comment about how my skin was so dry is was just "drinking up all the lotion." Yes, I realize it's dry, probably due to the 20 degree weather and wind outside, but thank you for making me feel self-conscious. 

When I went to leave the receptionist was on the phone again, but did actually put them on hold to get me out of there. I opted to put everything on my room charge, which resulted in extra fees but I didn't care. There was a blaring sign saying how they preferred cash gratuity and that there would be extra fees associated with putting services on your room. Yes, everyone prefers cash gratuity - but how tacky can you be?!! 

Overall, it was an extremely disappointing experience. I have been wanting to stay at the Monteleone for years and made it a priority to experience their salon. My gel nail polish is already chipping and it hasn't even been a week. Spa Aria definitely needs a overhaul and I would recommend you go anywhere else but here.
--------------------
3 separate reviews:

CITY TOUR: 1 STAR -Not worth the time or money. We never got a confirmation email when booking over the phone. Then during the tour we had to wait and be hassled over payment that was already cleared on our account. Don't do this tour if you get carsick easily. It was full and we had to sit in the back. You can't see anything on the tour through the tinted windows and you only stop at two places that I never would have stopped at on my own. 

The only intriguing part was the Katrina history during the visit the the 9th ward. Do yourself a favor and take the green street cars, save your money and REALLY see things on your own time. We couldn't get pictures of anything and wish we would have done a walking tour instead or tried the red bus tours.

PLANTATION TOUR: 5 STARS! Our driver Stacie gave us a history of the surrounding area and a lot of cool information on our way to the plantation. Laura Creole plantation had an amazing history. Our guide there was Ethan and he did a really good job explaining about the owners journey to this land and how the slaves were treated and also their journey. We felt that it was a balanced historical view of the plantation in general. After that tour we went to the Oak Alley plantation. The grounds alone are worth the trip. The tour guides really focus on the landowners and not so much on the lives of the slaves living there. But you have some time after the tour to visit the  slave quarters on your own. But we wished that there would have been a more balanced explanation of both experiences like at the Laura Plantation. The buses are big and you can recline and take a nap on your way back to the hotel. (No car sickness) 

SWAMP TOUR: 4 STARS and we didn't even see any alligators! This would have been a five-star tour if we would have seen alligators. But our guide Henry was very thorough and explained a lot of great details about the surrounding area. We got to see some boars, raccoons, and birds. It started to rain with thunder and lightning so we did not see any alligators because we had to go back for safety reasons. We did try to see some alligators but they don't come out if it's cold. Don't book your tour if it's cold or storming and I'm sure it will be a 5 star tour for you.  The buses are big and you can recline and take a nap on your way back to the hotel. (No car sickness)
--------------------
After today's lunch, Iris has moved to the top of my New Orleans favorites lists--no small feat in a city where restaurants are numerous and culinary competition is fierce. Iris excels in every area: food, drinks, service, atmosphere, location, music and overall graciousness. I made the reservation for 10-15 people, not knowing exactly how many in my party would show up. Iris pulled out all the stops to make sure everyone had comfortable seating and even prepared an overflow table for us. At no time did we feel jostled or rushed, which is a common fine dining concern. 

The layout of the restaurant allowed diners to move freely to and from the table and to exchange seats as needed. The music selection was fun and unique, ranging from the Magnetic Fields to Johnny Cash. It was also quiet enough to be enjoyed while allowing conversation to flow unimpeded. Our waiter had excellent timing and anticipated our every need. 

Though they don't have a full drink menu for lunch (I hear they have an amazing mixologist for the dinner hour) they do offer a selection of martinis and wines. One of the guests has accounts with several high-end bars in the Quarter, and the drink list passed his muster. Our table settled for Chardonnays, Perseco and chilled shots of Chartreuse, though I hear they have several types of absinthe as well. 

Our group began with slices of warm, heavenly bread that Iris bakes in house. We continued with an assortment of salads--I had the Hollygrove arugula with warm goat cheese, niçoise olives and balsamic vinaigrette. It was fresh perfection. A few of us opted for the mussels, which I heard were delicious. For my main course, I had a wonderful drum with onions prepared in a tangy soy reduction, which was an elegant complement for the fish. I also heard rave reviews about the gnocci and chicken. 

All the entrees were creatively arranged and selected, and at no point did I feel overwhelmed or that any fuss or pretense had gone into the food. I also appreciated that the portions were European-sized (it always makes me laugh when other Americans list too-small portion size as a complaint even when the food is well-prepared!). Iris prepares a lot of their basic ingredients in-house, and I appreciate that the kitchen makes a point of incorporating gulf fish and produce purchased from local, farmer-friendly markets. 

We settled on the prix fixe menu, which was $20 a person for appetizer, main course and the dessert of the day (the best strawberry sorbet I have had yet). With the added drinks and tip it came out to under $35 a person, which is an excellent price for such a delicious white-linen lunch. No matter the size of my group, I will definitely be returning!
--------------------
If I could give this place zero stars, I would. I had the worst experience when we went today for brunch that I've ever had in a restaurant since I moved to Tucson 7 years ago! First, before even going today, I called to find out what the brunch entailed and when Rosie answered the phone I told her that I had a few questions about brunch, she told me to hold and never came back to the phone. I stayed on hold for 8 minutes at which I called back and spoke to someone else who just seemed like "Oh Well." This brunch was organized by one of my friends, so choice in location was not something I had. We did have a reservation, but were pushed outside because apparently they only planned for one 8 person table and the other table got there a few moments before us and got to choose. The problem with this is that there were two people in our group that are allergic to bees, myself being one of them, and bees were flying all around our table, especially our food. At one point I had to get away from my seat and was not able to return to it for 5 minutes because the one been landed on my waffle and was not leaving. 

At this point my friend and I recognized the danger for the two of us and asked to be moved inside to which we were told "No." When I asked to speak with a manager, I was told "Well, what did you want?" That's when the manager came up, I explained the situation and he was going to put us at one table to which our waitress, gotten by the hostess came up and said to him "I already to her that they could not move in here." What employee talks like that to their boss! The waitress proceeded to run outside and tell the rest of the group that we were moving at which point they decided to stay outside, which was fine by my friend and I, but that meant having to be separated from our friends. This, to me, is deplorable behavior on the side of the the waitress and management. The waitress who was supposed to be our waitress inside as well, never arrived to the table and never checked up on us. Needless to say, I had to get another waiter and he was so appalled with the way that everything was handled he told my friend to not give him a tip. I was so appalled myself, that I did not eat because I just did not want to spend my hard earn money at this establishment any longer. I would never recommend this place to anyone even if they were starving!
--------------------
This review is mainly chicken talk as Cuenelli's Peruvian Style Rotisserie Chicken brings to the table. Pollo a la brasa.... Rotisserie chicken.... Whatever you wanna call it.... I call it a technique done here with love and pride. Lets be clear, you will find no comparison coming from your grocer deli section or at the checkout isle.

Why do I think this chicken have some TLC put into it? On biting down of this chicken you can note seasoning flavors down to the bone. This is an inclination that prior to even getting into the rotisserie oven, these birds spend some time in some form of marinating process. Building flavor, the chicken also has a seasoning rub all over the skin.

Lets go to this rotisserie oven. Another unique element is this oven has a charcoal or grill like component. This gives the chicken a smoky element in the flavor build. As these birds turn in this oven, they keep moist from the natural drippings dropping from bird to bird as they rotate through this oven. In turn, this a reason why some people may note some pieces the skin end up dry and crispy and others get moist or soggy skin on their chicken In the end, you end up with this tender, smoky, well seasoned, fall off the bone goodness. Wait.... how can they add more flavor? Cuenelli's serves it with two dipping sauces, a chimichurri  which gives a herbaceous and slightly spicy flavor, and an aioli which has a garlicky - lemony element.

Round out this meal with some solid sides. Must haves for me would be the cilantro rice. Another herbaceous addition that works well with this meal. I got to use the word herbaceous a few times in this review, it has reflects such great imagery for food talk:) Must have beans with rice no? I pick the spicy pinto beans over the black beans at this establishment but lets be clear these beans are pretty spicy. I also love the maduros here. These sweet plantatains are cooked to perfection where the outsides has this caramelization from the natural sugar of the sweet plantain, leaving you with this toffee-like, stick to your tooth exterior and soft and sweet interior. 

Wash all down with Inca cola or a bottle of chicha limena.  Inca cola is almost like a cola champagne or a cream soda type of drink. Chicha Limena I say is Christmas in a bottle. This juice has a floral base blended with cinnamon and cloves.

Though Cuenelli's Peruvian Style Rotisserie Chicken have many other notable Latin dishes, the one thing that comes to mind to me is this chicken made with love. This chicken gives new meaning to all who thought they knew what rotisserie chicken is. I say, go to Cuenelli's and taste again for the very first time.
--------------------
--------DINNER REVIEW----------

I rarely write reviews, but this honestly was one of the worst group dining experiences I've ever had. It was objectively a horrible experience, even without comparing it to the hype it receives, and ruined what was supposed to be a nice birthday dinner celebration. 

We had a group of 8 that had a reservation made well in advance. Short wait, but not too bad. Keep in mind, it seemed like a normal Friday night, but weren't super busy or at-capacity.

It was a birthday dinner, so I told the hostesses that it was her birthday, and asked if they could bring out something for her at the end of the meal, which was acknowledged. Pretty standard stuff, whether at a Applebee's or the French Laundry. We were sat at a booth right next to the Maitre D' stand, and next to all the wait staff's home base, so pretty much no excuse for not getting any attention. 

After getting us waters, it took them a LONG time to even come by and acknowledge us. After ordering wine, it took them another good 15-20 minutes to even bring us our wine, and no one even checked in on us! (hint: if you're running a restaurant, wine is your profit center and doesn't take any work other than taking a bottle off a shelf and opening it. bring it out ASAP...). 

After ordering food, it was more of the same...a long wait for food to start coming out and no one checking in on us AT ALL. We drank the bottles we ordered and had to get up and flag someone down to get another wine order. A couple of us even got up during the meal to remind them to bring out something for birthday girl at the end of the meal. 

Once our meal was done and taken away, we were given dessert menus and the server disappeared for 10-15 minutes... AGAIN. After coming back, he asked what dessert we wanted, so we ordered some coffees... and waited... and waited. Eventually we got up and asked him what was going on and if they were going to bring anything out like we asked multiple times. 

They finally brought out a couple of cookies with a candle...

In summary, the food was pretty hit or miss, pretty mediocre for this price point. Whipped feta, like other reviews have said, was amazing, and the Braised Lamb was really good. But the Sirloin was chewy and bland and the Grilled Caesar tasted like a soggy, luke-warm, wilted mess (two orders were left untouched by a group of 8). Atmosphere was nice and trendy. But the service, which is a huge reason to spend your hard-earned $ at a restaurant, was absolutely horrendous. 

I really love going to cool, popular restaurants and having a great time, and I hate writing such a negative review, but I had to share my experience, especially for a restaurant that is getting an awful lot of (undeserved) hype.
--------------------
This hotel is a gem in the heart of Philadelphia.

It's a cozy, quaint, and charming property. The rooms are spacious, modern and gorgeous. 
The decor is chic and attractive: big wooden desk, hardwood floors, couches and throw pillows: Looks more like a friend's apartment than a hotel. 

Free breakfast is always a plus for those of us with limited time. It's not a hot breakfast (I've had so many mass-produced bad ones, so I'm not complaining) but greek yogurt, a huge croissant, an orange and some cranberry juice hits the spot! They leave it at your door though, instead of ringing your bell to wake you. So if you ask for it to be delivered at 7 a.m., check outside your door; by 7:01 it WILL be there. 

Coffee, a variety of teas, cold and hot water, as well as ice and a bowl of assorted fruit are available 24/7 in the lobby. There are doorbells for each room, and the hotel can only be accessed after hours if you have a key card. Floors are acessible with a keycard as well, for extra protection. The staff is very polite: one of the few places in Philly where someone will actually say "good morning" to you (No, seriously. I lived there for 5 years, so trust me on that). They're also extremely helpful. When I checked in the night before, the gentleman at the reservation desk called to make sure I had a cab waiting for me at 8:15 the next morning so that I could make my speaking engagement on time. While I was getting my clothes ready, my iron was making more wrinkles than it was taking out, so I asked them for a new one and within 30 seconds, I had a brand new model with all the bells and whistles.

I've read a few reviews talking about the noise level of this place. My room was closest to the reception desk and I never heard a peep. There were people out and about, but I didn't hear a thing. And I'm a very light sleeper...

A few things to note:
Its location on a tight, one way street can cause a little difficulty if you're traveling solo, but if you have one person to unload the car while someone else parks, you should be fine. The parking garage they use is about half a block from the hotel, but you have to drive in a big rectangle to get there. 

There's a stand-up shower instead of the traditional bathtub/shower combo. It fits one comfortably enough... provided that you're not too far from average height and build. (My boyfriend is 6'2 with a football player build and he made out okay.)

Don't expect much of a view. The view from our room was of the side of another building. But that's what the city is for... go out there and see something!

Overall, this was an excellent trip and a great find. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone.
--------------------
We were thoroughly impressed with this hotel! Upon arriving, you are immediately welcomed with the scent of fresh baked cookies. Walking up to the desk we were greeted by Valorie who informed us that cookies and water were complementary to guests and that we were more than welcome. Across from the desk we noticed a book shelf. This is not the kind of book shelf where rejected leftovers were placed but rather, a wide range of books by well known authors. The name of the program was called Read it and Return. In essence, you can borrow a book for the duration of your stay and if you don't finish it you can return it the next time you stay at the hotel at any of the Carlson hotels who have the same program! ( what!?! Cookies and books!?! YES!) Right off the bat, we felt like we were right at home.

   Arriving at our room, we noticed that everything was extremely clean and there was a refrigerator (with a small freezer) , a microwave, a coffee maker, and a well working A.C. (you know, the kind that you don't have to yell over to have a conversation). The bathroom was stocked with brand name shampoo, conditioner, and lotion.

  Our next stop was the smoking area. Normally, smokers feel as though they have been marooned to a small place behind the dumpster...but not here! Provided was 2 sets of swinging benches; set far enough away so that it did not disturb the guests in rooms around the area but no a 10 mile hike for those adults who enjoy the pleasure. Did I also mention they have smoking rooms available?

In the morning, feel free to partake in a complimentary breakfast (NOT CONTINENTAL)-I mean a real breakfast which changes daily; anything from fresh made waffles to eggs, sausage, and bacon! Also, cold cereal, juices, and coffees have options! Coffee is available 24/7 as well! 

The hotel also has a pool and hot tub which I personally observed them clean daily!

On our last night we got back late and I was going to ask the desk for a late check out, but there was no need! Their check out time is 12:00 Pm as opposed to the hotel usual of 11:00 Am. That worked out well for us.

At checkout we were asked if there was anything we would change about the hotel or our stay. I made small suggestions which I thought would help them, but definitely nothing major. The desk person wrote down what I said and said she would pass it on! I was impressed with that, because we've been asked about our stay at other places, but it seemed more out of routine than actual interest. Here, she seemed genuinely interested. We don't usually do reviews, so I'm sorry for the long review. However, we wanted you to get a real feel for this wonderful hotel and hope that you enjoy it as much as we did! Thanks for reading and safe travels. J & Niki.
--------------------
If you are looking to be impressed by French-German dishes in New Orleans, please go to Luke Restaurant, I know I was. 

The restaurant is located in the Central Business District, next to the Hilton and in the former Masonic Temple Building, so there is that historic vibe to the restaurant. The front room is a lot more grand than the back room (where we were seated), but that is offset by views of the open kitchen. 

Apparently they only want to seat people with reservations, so since we did not have one, we were refused seating until 9:15pm (it was 6:45pm) but with a little back and forth, we ended up waiting only 15 minutes before we were seated. However, as we walked through the restaurant to the back room, way too many tables were empty that it made no sense that they acted that way. A lot of tables still remained empty throughout the meal.

I decided to start out my meal with a cocktail. I originally wanted the Mint Julep but they were out so I had the Riverbend (vodka, lemon juice, basil syrup, blueberries & ginger ale) at the recommendation of the server. It was a relatively sweet cocktail, with the ginger ale being the most powering flavor, but you could still taste the alcohol.

My friend choose a regular starter and ordered a cup of the Crawfish Bisque. She ate all of it so I am assuming she liked it, but she did complain of a sour aftertaste.

My boyfriend skipped the appetizers and went straight for the entree. He always seems to find the most basic item on the menu and order it. He had the Luke Burger (bacon, caramelized onions, tomatoes, Swiss cheese) and was raving about it. One thing I can tell you, it was a very good size. 

My friend had the Jumbo Louisiana Shrimp "En Cocotte" with lump crab meat, roasted jalapeño cheese grits, andouille & green onion sausages. She loved it.

I have an obsession with mussels so I had the classic Moules et Frites. Although only having two simply ingredients (garlic & thyme) in the broth, the flavors stood out and the taste was a lot bolder than others I have had with a lot more ingredients. The house-made fries were scrumptious. These are the best kind.

Even with all that food, we still made room for dessert. We first had the Bread Pudding which was delicious but quite sweet. I am also not a fan of over sauced foods.

One wasn't enough so we also ordered the Bourbon Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee. It was superb and not too sweet which is a plus for me. The little cookies on top added nothing to the dessert and if anything could have been left off.

All that good food, I still have to give props to our server. He was amazing and engaging. The front desk soured the mood a little bit a first but he more than made up for it. I couldn't have asked for anyone better.
--------------------
I first found out about this adorable little salon here on yelp while looking for a place to get a manicure downtown/ CBD.  I visited on 3/8/13 and got their "Mini Manicure"- it's only $15!  I chose an OPI polish and the nail technician did a GREAT job!  So great in fact, that today on Monday, 3/18/13- I did not have ONE CHIP!  This is amazing for polish!  My nails looked fabulous!  The technician was friendly, as were the other stylists.  I'm not sure if it was the manager or the owner that was working the front desk- but she came over as well and was super friendly and welcoming.  The salon looks amazing, trendy, and peaceful.  It has a great vibe.

I was so happy with my first appointment- that I went back today, and left disappointed.  I went to the same nail techinician- and we talked as she worked on my nails.  The person working the front desk (seemed like an owner/ manager- although different from my first visit) was SO  nice, welcoming, and talkative.  This time though I needed a gel manicure, in french- as I am in a wedding this weekend.  I explained that I was in the wedding, assuming the technician would know that this more special than just an everyday manicure  The technician stated after she started my nails, that she did not have the proper brush that she needed in order to do the manicure.  So like most places- they paint the white, and then go back later with a brush to create the crisp, perfect line.  Since she did not have the brush to do that- she used a q- tip.  So obviously the lines are not perfect or even.  Along with the lines being uneven- some are thicker than others, and the edges go up, instead of down.  My nails are not at all filed and shaped pretty either.  For $40 (+ a tip)- I really expect them to look right.  I went during my lunch hour, and it was supposed to be 30 minute appointment, but the appointment took a little bit over an hour.  I understand that french takes a little extra time- but this seemed like quite a bit extra.  I was late for work, and had to hurry out of there when she was finished and did not want to be even more late to work to stay there to make a complaint.  I wish I would have- but I also felt bad because the technician was trying so hard- but they are just not up to par.

I'm conflicted, but I don't know that I'll return.  I loved it to so much the first time, I even sent friends over there.  But after this time- I am not happy with the product.  I wish it wasn't gel- because I can't even take the polish off myself.  So I'm forced to have nails that I am unhappy with, or go to somewhere else and pay to have this taken off, and then pay to have them re done- all before a 6am flight on Wednesday morning, and it's Monday afternoon....
--------------------
My boyfriend and I both decided to try Jesse's for the first time after we'd both grown up in the Brandon area and neither of us had ever been, and really hadn't heard much about the restaurant. 

We dined on a Saturday night and even though the parking lot and restaurant was packed, we were sat right away at a 2-top next to a window facing SR-60. 

Our server, Nikki, greeted us in a reasonable amount of time. We ordered our beverages and she brought them shortly after that. Something I did not like was there was not a drink menu on the table, but Nikki was able to tell us what beers were on draft and non-alcoholic drinks. She took our appetizer and entree order all at once. 

We ordered crab stuffed mushrooms and a French onion soup to share. These items came out together. The crab stuffed mushroom was basically a giant thing of crab stuffing on a TINY mushroom, which was almost laughable, but had a good flavor nonetheless. The French onion soup had a great flavor and wasn't scalding hot, which was super nice to eat right away. 

After our appetizer came out and we finished it, our Caesar salads came out as well as a loaf of bread and some butter. This was also really great pacing of our meal! Nikki never let empty plates sit on our table, was very attentive, and always made sure we had drinks in front of us. The Caesar salads were good. I gave the bread two chances... once dipped in the French onion soup and once just with butter on it... the bread could have definitely been better - it just didn't have a good flavor to it. 

I ordered the 6 oz filet and he ordered the 16 oz Delmonico - both cooked medium rare. The steaks are served with sautéed mushrooms, your choice of side, and a salad or soup of the day, which isn't mentioned anywhere on the menu. I got broccoli as my side and my boyfriend got a sweet potato with all the fixings. I saw three tables sat after us receive their entrees before us - I don't know if it was a kitchen issue or something else, but we were sat at least five minutes before each of those tables - I tried to make sense of the delay, but it honestly wasn't a big deal to me. Our steaks came out on hot metal plates that were inserted into a cooler outer shell. My filet was nice and thick and cooked perfectly and the broccoli was steamed very tenderly, but there were not enough sautéed mushrooms on the plate, in my opinion. If I had known it would have been like five mushrooms with the steak, I totally would have gotten them as a side. My boyfriend's steak was cooked perfectly as well, but being on the hot metal dish led the steak to cook more at the table, which he wasn't particularly pleased with. He enjoyed his sweet potato with butter, but it didn't come out with cinnamon on it like he requested. 

Anyway, I am sure we will return! Our server, Nikki, was fabulous. She was extremely attentive, had a great attitude, and was knowledgeable!
--------------------
The long and the short of it: A romantic little BYOB in Newtown Square that hits the mark in several areas. Big portions at decent prices. You won't leave hungry!

And now for a full review:

I have been to this Fellini's Cafe and the one in Bryn Mawr several times and each time I've visited there have been some memorable moments...and there have been speed bumps that keep this place from reaching its full potential.

On my latest visit this past Friday night, I made reservations for 730. My beautiful wife and I arrived right at 730. Although there were two vacant tables available, it took them at least 10 minutes or so to seat us. And when they did, they broke up a table for 6 instead of putting us at the 2 seater. Odd.

Being out and away from the kids for a few hours, we wanted at least a little bit of privacy, instead of sitting next to (pretty much connected to) a table of four. We asked the manager if we could be moved to the 2 seater...he said fine. Another 5-10 minutes (too long!) later a member of the wait staff came and, without any indication as to his intentions, whisked up our bottle of wine and silverware and ran off to the other table. Not a problem, but some eye contact and a simple 'follow me please' with even a hint of a smile would have been lovely. We shrugged and just rolled with it.

The interior is quaint, and the lighting is dim. It's a nice place for a romantic meal. But it is LOUD. So loud I would say this place is kid friendly despite being in such close quarters with your neighbors. Not sure if we'd ever try taking our four kids there (actually I'm certain we won't) but one or two can be done without much trouble.

Our waitress was extremely polite and offered the energy and enthusiasm that our other friend lacked.

For dinner, we ordered a caesar salad to share and for our main courses my wife opted for her usual tagliatelli with mushroom cream sauce and i had what i always have, the tortellini pasticiatti.

Complimentary with the meal were two pieces of bruschetta (very nice) and a small loaf of crusty Italian bread, which is served with butter packets (which perhaps only I find strange for an Italian restaurant?). 

Overall the food was delicious, except for a few somewhat minor hiccups: 

1. The caesar salad was served on a warm plate. The salad was excellent and would have been legendary had it been served on a chilled (or at least not warm!) plate.

2. I am pretty sure they used frozen peas in the tortellini dish, which is fine with me as long as you make sure the peas are thawed before you serve it! Only a few peas were not quite thawed, but it marred what was otherwise a perfectly crafted masterpiece of a dish.

When we paid, the manager allowed us to use an expired gift card. That was a very nice gesture and one that required no push from us to induce.

All in all, I'll keep visiting Fellini because it's relatively inexpensive and they do most everything well.
--------------------
Too big, too expensive and too far from Downtown.  

I was here for a conference, which seemed like an awesome idea. It wasn't.  I'm in Direct Sales and (like most people at this conference) don't have tons of extra money to spend on mediocre meals when I'm traveling.  $10 for a slice of generic pizza, small side salad and a soda for lunch.   I understand it's a hotel but there weren't any options close by.  Just getting your car from valet was a hassle and took a lot of time.  Being such a big property, it made getting to restaurants off the property really time intensive.  Since you're so far out of Nashville (out near the airport), the good little holes you find when you're in a city are pretty nonexistent.  

The property itself was great.  The hotel is HUGE but really pretty.  I enjoyed walking around but was really happy when I found what I didn't know existed...a shortcut between my room and the Convention Center.  It took my 10-15 minute walk down to about 3 minutes!  BONUS!  Like I said, this place is ginormous.  

Room: Our room was great.  I shared a wonderful suite in the Garden Conservatory with 2 other girls.  We were under a group rate and my friend was quoted $200/night, which is awesome for the space we had.  We had a large room (probably used as a hospitality suite for groups) for socializing.  It had a great bar area set-up and a nice big fridge and lots of drawer space.  Our bedroom was separated by doors that could be locked from either side (like an adjoining room), so it looked like the hospitality suite could be reserved without reserving the room.  It was different than what I was expecting, but whatevs.  It was fine.  So, I wasn't there at check-in.  The girl who reserved the room checked in a couple days earlier than my friend and I.  So, Sunday comes, and the bill was waiting for us when we woke up.  Our friend was charged $1200 for one room (I'm guessing the suite) and $1400 for the other room.  YEP.  She reserved what she thought was a 2 room suite for $200.  The bedroom door was closed when she got there and she asked them to open it up. It was all arranged by the bellman.  She was never told that the bedroom wasn't included....kind of necessary if you're staying over for 6 nights, dontcha think???  So, she's being charged $2600 for what was supposed to be $1200.  Last I heard, the Gaylord's legal department was investigating what she was told, what she wasn't told and if they should charge her the entire amount.  

Checkout:  A FREAKING NIGHTMARE.  Between the money situation, which was not resolved as of late this week, and the 45 minute wait for a cart (in a hotel that holds thousands of people, you'd think they'd be plentiful and they aren't) and a 25 minute wait for the car, my friend and I decided to sweat it out and schlep our goods to the door where our car would be delivered to us.  It was not a short walk and we had a TON of stuff, which meant multiple trips.  UGH.

I'm sure I'll be back for another conference (I am pretty sure my company has booked this for at least one more year....) but I'm not going to be happy about it.  I might even consider driving down, staying in a hotel somewhere downtown and driving out to the Conference stuff.
--------------------
I am so glad we had our wedding here!!! I cannot say enough what a pleasure it was to work with Breanna, the venue manager and Eli, the food and beverage director. Our wedding here was a destination wedding, so we were very concerned about making sure all of our family and friends that travelled a long way to get to our wedding had a good time. Being a couple straight out of grad school, we were also very concerned with keeping the cost manageable. Everything worked out on all accounts! 

We first picked the venue for two reasons: the price was right and the venue is GORGEOUS. The pricing was very straightforward, which we really appreciated, and when looking at other options in the Santa Barbara area, the Riviera mansion was pretty comparable with other venues which are not all inclusive (ones where you have to find your own caterer, rent linens, etc etc). Planning a wedding without a coordinator and from across the country, it was also definitely worth it for us to go with a venue that minimized the amount of details we would have to think about.

The looks and layout of the place are what sold us though. With people coming from the east coast and middle of the country, we wanted something that would really showcase Santa Barbara's cool architecture and vibe. The mansion is exactly that.  The layout is also pretty perfect for a multigenerational wedding. We were able to enjoy the California weather for our ceremony and cocktail hour outside, then go inside for dinner, avoiding the cooler night air. Later, we could turn up the party in the bar/dance floor area, while the older folks talked and relaxed on the couches in the living room. It really has something for everyone.

What I didn't realize when we picked it was how absolutely awesome all the staff would be to work with. Breanna was super helpful, answering all my questions promptly and pleasantly, and accommodating my sometimes short notice visits to the area. When we did our walkthrough a couple of days before the wedding, Breanna and Eli paid attention to every detail and made sure we were taken care of, as they did the day of the wedding too. Eli was incredibly attentive and easy to work with! My dad is in the restaurant industry and was in charge of setting up desserts (we had family make some traditional desserts, as well as got some cupcakes from Enjoy Cupcakes- also a great idea!). Eli worked with him to get whatever he needed, risers, tablecloths, etc and was really sweet about it. 

The attention to bartending at the Riviera Mansion deserves a paragraph of its own. Breanna worked with me and the bartender (who's name I forget but has worked there for 20 years and is also incredibly awesome) to create a peach moscow mule as our signature drink (our colors were peach and green) and get it to taste just right. She even arranged it so we had fresh peaches! At the wedding, everyone raved about them, even guests who usually prefer something more manly sounding. The staff had all drinks ready to go for our cocktail hour, and also passed trays of drinks, so there was never a line at the bar (something guests also specifically mentioned that they appreciated). Hell, Eli even followed me with my drink for a couple of minutes around dinner since my hands were full of other things! Really spectacular and attentive service.

Five stars all around. It was absolutely a joy to have our wedding here.
--------------------
If you are in a hurry and don't have time to read my entire review, here's the bottom line:  this place is FANTASTIC!

After my 3 month old car got rear ended TWICE inside of TWO weeks at the end of October, I took my dealership's recommendation and ended up bringing it in to Prestigious for repairs.  I am really glad I chose them.

First off their place is really clean and professional, you feel more like you are in a bank or a business office than a body shop.  I don't mind the typical "shop" feel of most of these places, but the experience at Prestigious is a notch above that and I appreciated it.

Next off, they assigned a specific advisor, Juan Mendez to work with me from start to finish through my repair.  He was really knowledgeable and provided detailed information to me about how they were going to diagnose everything and ensure that all of the various components of the damage were fixed correctly.  There was an added challenge in my case because I was hit in nearly the same place by two different drivers:  one submitted a claim through insurance and the other asked to pay outside of insurance.  I explained all of this to Juan and he came up with a forensically defensible way to determine the value of the damage caused by each of the accidents so that the costs could be assessed fairly and accurately.

Juan set up my rental for me and kept me updated regularly throughout the repair process, which in my case took a while due to the insurance company requiring additional evaluations etc. and the Thanksgiving holiday.  Detailed updates, and the fact that these came to me without me having to ask for them, made it a lot less stressful during the time my car was in the shop.  Juan (and I believe all the other staff who hold similar positions over there) also clearly understands all of the procedures, and deviations that can occur from these procedures, that are related to processing insurance claims and he was always able to answer any questions I had.

I got the vehicle back yesterday and the quality of the work is 1st class.  There is no way to tell that anything ever happened to the back of my car...it looks exactly as it did when I purchased it in late July.  I was particularly concerned about paint matching because all of the exterior damage was to the bumper (a plastic part) which had to be matched to the car body panels (metal parts).  Anyone who knows anything about paint and body work knows that it is a challenge to match paints on different substrates, and most body shops, even Prestigious, have disclaimers about this that are plainly visible in their offices.  I told them up front I was really concerned about this, and they said not to worry.  They were right....they did a dead-perfect color match in my case.  I have mild OCD and I notice even the smallest differences and defects in things, and I was 100% satisfied with the paint match, as well as the gap tolerances etc. on my repair.  If a place can meet my standards, it is going to far surpass most people's standards.

It sucked to get hit twice in two weeks, in a brand new car....but I am thrilled that I found this place as part of the deal.  I would take my vehicles here from now on and recommend them to anyone who wants a top quality job with serious attention paid to fit and finish.
--------------------
I would NOT recommend this place to anyone. Their biggest mistake is not having a customer service department. They rely on their sales team to provide customer service meaning every time you call in to try and get something done, you get put into a voicemail because the sales guy is out selling - which should be their only job. This left me on numerous occassions incredibly frustrated that I could not get an answer. I even left the manager a voicemail (big surprise I couldn't get them to answer) and they never had the decency to call me back - Just made my sales person call me back.

I purchased my car last July and was promised numerous things would be done to the car before I purchased it. One of which being the tint on the rear window would be removed as the view out of the back was blurry. Somehow, that passed thru inspection and when I came to sign the papers, I noticed that it was still on the back windshield. I was told that they would have it removed by the time we were done the paperwork. Also, I was told that the price was going to be higher than the original agreement because the sales manager did the math wrong the previous day when we ran numbers. I told him that wasn't my fault and I would only pay the agreed upon amount and he spoke with the manager and got it sorted out. 

After sitting in the office for 2.5 hours, they finally told me that they were unable to even start taking off the tint and I would have to bring the car back. I dropped it off that Friday and let them keep it for the weekend. My sales guy called me on Saturday night to tell me that they never got to finish it and I would have to bring it back again and leave it. I live 45 minutes from the dealership so this isn't something I can easily do. I insisted on them giving me a loaner car for whatever day they would do this as I was sure this wouldn't be a one day process from my previous experience. 2.5 weeks later they were able to provide me with said car and I dropped off my vehicle. When I went to pick up my "finished car" there was still tint left on the bottom of the windshield. 

After all of that I knew I would never bring my car back for service there if that's the kind of service they provide. Now with all the rain we've been having, my trunk is leaking and when I called to check with the service department to see if it would be covered under warranty, I got the same run around with the service department who just said "I don't know" - OK well give me someone who will be able to tell me. Once they forwarded me to the correct person, I again got "I don't know". We need you to bring it in and look at it then submit to our warranty company to see if it gets accepted. No thanks after my previous experience of bringing my car in there to get "serviced". 

Invest in a customer service department to handle complaints in a professional and timely matter. This should not in any way be left upon the sales department to do. My sales guy did the best he could and I appreciated the help he gave me, but no one else would help me throughout the entire process. Not a good look on managements part.
--------------------
