Unfortunately, I'm NOT happy after coming to this salon yet again. I got a message from the owner saying he'd like to have me come in to receive a FREE service because they previously ruined my hair. So, I thought since he's the owner my hair would turn out good but I was wrong. I'm really unhappy with this whole experience. I showed him multiple photos on google of what I wanted done to my hair which was a lot of blonde. I told him I do not want any ORANGE in my hair as I wanted a "white blonde". He said you won't have any orange in your hair. I have a message from him the OWNER saying I would receive a FREE service if I deleted my previous review. He should of NEVER offered a free service if it wasn't really free! So, I said how much because I thought I was getting my hair done for free. He said since your hair is long and thick you'll have to pay for the hair color and "medicine" but he won't charge me for his time. I said ok how much he said $80. He said it would cost me $180 if he didn't give me a discount which is very pricey. He put a lot of highlights on my hair and worked quickly as he seemed to want to rush on my hair which I do not like. My hair is important to me, I don't want my hair to fall out. He said this medicine he's gonna put on my hair is $50 for a treatment and that I needed it because of the blonde going on my hair which I know any coloring is damaging and blonde is very damaging but he said he charges everyone who gets hair color for this so called medicine which they mix into the color you dye your hair. You can purchase the entire set online (3 bottles) for $75 which is supposed to give you like 15 applications so he's definitely charging a lot of money! He only put No.1 on my hair and not No.2 or No.3. He also had a lady (the receptionist) wash out my hair? Ok, even though she was nice why would he have her do that when she said she knows nothing about hair because I asked if she's styling my hair and she said she doesn't do hair and I wouldn't want her to do my hair. As I was waiting there was a lady next to me, she got her hair cut and a perm. She was done but she wasn't happy, she told the lady she didn't like the hair cut and she had her style it more and trim off a little more but the lady still wasn't happy. The girl told the client when she washes her hair it will be better.. um how? I know she left very unhappy! Also the lady behind me was getting her hair cut and when he (the owner) was done cutting her hair she looked in the mirror and wanted it different and styled different so that made me have to wait longer but 2 clients were not happy and also myself. That's not a good look TJ nail and spa! I had a towel on my head and waited about 30 mins just to get my hair blow dried because he was cutting another clients hair. I seen orange roots, I was mad!!! He finally came over and I said I don't like the orange color on my roots, can you put a toner on my hair and he said it's not orange it's the lighting. The lighting?! It wasn't the lighting! He proceeds to blow dry hair and then starts straighten it without asking me if I wanted it straightened or curled, you are supposed to pick how you want your hair styled. At that point I knew my hair wasn't what I wanted and it wasn't gonna be fixed even if I wanted it too. I just sat there in the hair, mad and yet again very disappointed! I looked in the mirror and seen my hair damaged and brittle, orange and brassy and not even close to what I wanted. There goes my money down the drain, yet again. I will not be back to get my hair ruined and he made me delete my previous review which was also 0-1 stars before I left his salon but I had to write this one, this is real, this is honest, beware of getting your hair completely ruined and nothing close to what you want! Like I said I showed the OWNER multiple photos and I stated I did NOT want any orange on my hair but I did have orange on my hair, I didn't get what I wanted like he said, he said he doesn't mess up, he's been doing hair for years. As a salon owner I think he should take the time to really do what the client wants and achieve what the client wants done to their hair, if the workersowner would do that then there shouldn't be any bad reviews but there is so that shows you they do not care, not even the owner cares. They just want to rush and get done to get paid, they don't care if the customer is happy or not. There are more bad reviews from people going to this salon and having horrible experiences but he is bribing people to delete their bad reviews because he told me the bad reviews is hurting his business which is why people do reviews, to let people know this place is awesome or this place is horrible, beware, stay away. I do reviews to let people know the good, the bad and the ugly. I do reviews anywhere and I'm always 100% honest. So, if bad reviews hurt his business that is all on him and his employees not me or anyone else.
--------------------
