Well, well.... Where do I start with this place? First time experience, went in with my partner.

Walking in at about 7:30 on a Friday night (st paddys day weekend even)  and the  place had about 4 customers. That should have been my first clue as to what our experience was going to be like.

We seated ourselves and the waitress, an older gal maybe mid to late 40's who had greasy stringy unwashed hair and rotting teeth came up and took our drink order. My girlfriend got a Dr. Pepper and I got a water. She brought out Coke instead of DP. No biggie. We let it go, assuming it was an honest mistake. After about 10 minutes she returns and we order a 12 piece "jumbo" wing basket ($11.99), a 6 piece($7.99), and a beer batter sampler($11.99). 20 minutes pass and finally here comes our appetizer. The waitress throws the basket of appetizers on the table  and says "here's your food." Very flat with a big attitude and walks off. The beer battered mushrooms were doughy and undercooked. We had a single half full ranch cup to share between us for the big platter and she avoided our table when she saw we needed more.
***let me note that this waitress is giving the customers at the 3 tables surrounding us WAY better customer service. Even brought their food out in a timely manner with no attitude whatsoever.
I decide to let the mushrooms slide for the moment. I used to work in a restaurant and I understand that mistakes happen, however this far into the experience I'm being mighty generous since it's a first time experience.
We finish our appetizer and we wait and wait and wait and finally she comes by and takes the platter returning 10 minutes later with our wings. She makes no inquiry about the broken open, clearly undercooked, mushrooms still sitting on the platter.
I got the 12 piece with a single half full ranch. Again. Food on the table, doesn't ask if we need anything else which is something she is doing for other customers. at this point we have been here for about 40 minutes.

I got half regular and half thai flavor. The wings were NOT jumbo. They were puny. The flavor was good for the thai, and the waitress even stopped by to check up on us, though I wouldn't consider walking by quickly and saying in your flat attitude tone "youguysdoingalright?okaycool." Really all that helpful since she came and went so fast it took me a second to understand her. I had to reiterate for my girlfriend.  When I started on the regular I bit into my drumstick and had to fish a feather out of my mouth. DISGUSTING. It was that point that the entire experience was completely and thoroughly unacceptable.  The wings were soggy because they batter them or something on top of all that.  At first I had no plans other than to pay for the meal and leave the waitress 2 pennies and be on my merry way. But when the waitress came and asked if we needed a box I said no with 6 wings still on my plate, OBVIOUS SOMETHING WAS WRONG, again. She was going to take my stuff and make no inquiry to right the situation. I asked for the manager. Took a minute but finally the manager came over (mind you it is still pretty dead, what are these people doing I wonder?) I explained the food issues but blew off bringing up our treatment by the waitress. Normally I give the benefit of the doubt on this one but it was blatantly obvious that we were being treated differently with a different attitude than other patrons because we are a same-sex couple. Like our table had a contagious disease that prevented us from getting food in a timely manner, and getting drink and condiment refills too, regardless of the *empty* cups on the edge of the table. It wasn't like we were off in the distance. She had to walk by our table every time to communicate with the surrounding tables.

Anyways. The manager experience wasn't the greatest, but I wasn't going to pay for that meal after the feather thing, and she comped everything. BUT only after slightly arguing with us about the undercooked mushrooms, which by the way come frozen which  makes the fact that they weren't cooked all the way acceptable I guess? Don't know. Don't care. I WILL NOT BE GOING BACK!!!

2 stars because they did comp the meal, the waitress got lucky. If I would have had to pay for anything she wouldn't have gotten a tip due to the attitude but we left her $4 anyway since we didn't have to pay for the meal.  THAT IS THE ONLY REASON.
1 star though for the overall experience. Same-sex couples, steer clear. You aren't welcome there and it's obvious.
--------------------
